Synchronization keyword
-----------------------
1)Synchronization Is a key word applicable for methods and blocks but not for classes and variables.
2)if a method or block is declared as synchronization then at a time only one Thread is allowed to execute that method or block on the given object.
3) the main advantage of synchronization keyword is we can resolve data inconsistency problems.
4)But the main disadvantage of  synchronization keyword is waiting time of a thread and effects performance of the system.
5) Hence there is no specific requirement that never recommended to use synchronization keyword.
6) internally synchronization concept is implemented by using lock concept.
7) Every Object in java has a unique lock. whenever we are using synchronization keyword then only lock concept will came into the picture.
8) If a thread want to execute any synchronization method on the given object 1st it as to get lock of that Object. Once a thread got the lock of the Object then it is allowed to execute any synchronization method on that Object. If the synchronization method execution completes automatically threads releases the lock.
9) while a Thread executing any synchronization method remaining Threads are not allowed to execute synchronized method on that Object simultaneously. but remaining Threads are allowed to execute non-synchronized method simultaneously. [Lock Concept is based on that object but not based on method].

Synchronized Block
-------------------
if few lines of the code Is required in synchronization then we should go for synchronized block.
compared to synchronization synchronized block is highly recommended to use. because it has resolved the data inconsistency problems as well as it improves performance of the system.

syntax
-------
Synchronized{
}

DeadLock
-----------
if 2 threads are waiting for each other forever(without end) such type of situation(infinite waiting) is called deadlock.
there is no resolution techniques for deadlock but several preventions takes place.

Daemon Threads
--------------
The Threads which are executed in the background is called as Daemon Threads the main

Starvation Threads
------------------
if 2 threads are waiting for a certain amount of time and then starts after certain period of time.